Tech for good during COVID-19: Therapy for nurses, 
baby food, and an online diary















If you’re one of the 12.3 million people who watchedTravis Scott
perform on Fortnite this past week, you’ll agree: The sky’s
the limit right now when it comes to cheering people up. One kid,
per our commenters, said Scott’s performance was better than Star Wars.
The popular multiplayer game Fortnite, owned by Epic Games, is just one
example of tech finding a creative way to continue business as usual 
amid this pandemic. And it got extra points for being psychedelic.
Let’s get into other tech companies working hard to do good during COVID-19.




Under my umbrella
Umbrella, a startup that provides services to seniors, is now recruiting
thousands of volunteers to deliver essential items to the elderly that 
can’t leave their homes due to shelter-in-place orders. The deliveries 
include contact-free groceries and prescriptions.The New York-based startup
connects seniors with local providers, but in response to the coronavirus 
outbreak it waived its annual membership fee and began a volunteer platform
to connect seniors to local volunteers. The company recently landed a
partnership with Venture for America to expand this volunteer effort. 



Coaching for first-generation and low income students
For many low-income and first-generation students, school closures threaten
much more than their spring break plans. Thousands of students now have to 
find a new source of food, housing and employment. Some can’t return to their 
homes because flights are either unsafe or too expensive. So Beyond 12, a 
nonprofit organization that focuses on college completion, is raising funds
to start COVID-19 Virtual College Coaching Corps. The support program will focus
on the emotional, social and academic support for students at risk for not graduating.
The company says that in the past two weeks it raised $300K, and is now looking
to hire 20 new coaches and reach 20,000 students. 





Mental health for nurses
Trusted Health, which connects nurses to jobs and career resources,
partnered with The College of Nursing at The Ohio State University to
create a program focused on mental health and well-being of nurses on
the frontlines right now. In the last six weeks, over 400,000 nurses
signed up. The program kicked off with a mental wellness hotline and a
wellness partner program that includes four to eight weeks of hands-on
coaching and therapy. 

